Hi within this lecture Regan to create our X code project I'm bringing the process the case in our X
code project so I'm going to click over here to create a new single view app under IRS tab.
So let me bring this down.
Yep.
This one single weave up and in here I'm going to call this Foursquare clone.
OK.
And you don't have to have any swift UI or core data features.
So let me just rename this as clone.
Yep.
So click on Next.
I'm going to put this under my downloads and AOS complete folder.
So you're more than welcome to put it anywhere you want.
OK after that we're going to open our project here but actually we're not going to do anything yet because
I want to start with integrating the pass as the case to my project and in order to do that of course
we you're going to create a path file where you're going to use cocoa parts and in order to do that
we have to close these down for right now.
Right.
So after you create your project you're you can close it.
Close that down and open your terminal.
So we have worked with terminal before.
So I assume you know how to go around the inside of your terminal and create a pod file and edit the
pod file and just install the pod file.
So I'm going to do this quick.
So go to your downloads or if you're on desktop Of course you have to write C desktop and in downloads
I need to go to ISIS complete folder and then for square comb folder.
So basically I mean side my project folder and that's where I want to run pod it.
So if you don't know what I'm doing right now I suggest you go back and watch cocoa pod section.
Cocoa Pods lecture in five your base are in top lectures.
OK so I have to open this pulled file that we have created.
So let me make this a little bit bigger.
Yep.
So after saying use frameworks we have to write the pods name itself.
So let's go back to get Hub Repository of ISIS T.J. and we're going to have to copy this pod pass.
So let's read here and little bits of for example let's say that after you say pod pars you after party
install the app we know that but if you want to use something like Facebook utilize are to either utilize
you have to bring in those parts as valve we're not going to do that.
This is actually related to signing in with Twitter or Facebook.
We don't even know how to sign in with parts of its email or user name.
So first of all we going to take care of that.
So you can just skip all of this Facebook utilize Twitter you tools you can just copy and paste part
pass and come over here and paste it once you do that you can just save this and come over here and
run party install.
So as you do that as you can see it starts the download the necessary libraries necessary modules for
your ex called projects.
So we're downloading two main things the ball to end the pass.
So this come together and they work together.
So they're kind of different modules but they have to be exactly on the same time on the same project
to be working.
So after you do that you can just close down the terminal and you have to come over here to your ex
coach work space or other the next code project and open the X code workspace files.
So that's it.
That's how you actually import the process as the case in your project.
After this indexing completes we can try to see if we really managed to get the pass in our project
and we can't see Paris being here.
So I believe that's good.
But we have to try to be certain that we can run we can call the pass classes or pass method some functions.
So after the processing and indexing completes you can come over here to try importing parts like this
and this works for me as you can see I can import the parts and I can call pass classes here.
Same pass.
So this is good.
Let me delete this.
But if you didn't work in your case if you cannot import parts you can't come over here to your general
settings and under these build phases you can see something called Link binary with libraries in fact
all you have to do is just import this parts first chrome framework as you can see but if it doesn't
work you can just bring in these bolts and pass as well saying add on that bottom.
But in my case this works so I'm not going to mess this up by just adding more libraries over here so
I'm going to proceed as it is.
So far so good.
We managed to bring in the SD case but this is not enough.
We have to configure our back for app.
We have to create an account and create a server in back for app so that we can connect our project
with our server.
So that's what we are going to do in the next lecture.